server/README.md, before:

## Politicodds backend
JSON REST API serving betting data for politics events, queried from the Betfair Exchange

- `/markets` list of currently available (politics) markets
- `/markets/{id}/runners` list of runners for a given market (id)
- `/markets/{id}/odds` list of the best runner prices for a given market (id)

### Deployment notes
Deployment is using Serverless Express (on top of AWS Lambda/HTTP API) - https://github.com/serverless-components/express

Install and build:
```
npm install
npm run build
```

Prune dev dependencies:
```
npm prune --production
```

Deploy via `serverless` (needs installing globally with config set up):
```
serverless deploy
```

De-deploy:
```
serverless remove
```

### Project structure
```
src
│   server.ts                    # server entry point
│   app.ts                       # Express setup
│   config.ts                    # config vars
│   router.ts                    # route definitions
└───controllers                  # route controllers
│   │   markets.ts
│   │   runners.ts
│   │   odds.ts
|   |   ...
└───services                     # services behind each controller
│   │   index.ts                 # singleton export 'barrel'
│   │   MarketsService.ts
│   │   ...
└───external                     # external/third-party services
│   └───http
│       │   HttpClient.ts        # client for making http requests
│       │   ...
│   └───betting
│       │   BettingClient.ts     # interface for generic client to betting API
|       └───betfair
│       │      BetfairClient.ts  # implementation of BettingClient for Betfair
│       │      ...
```

### Coding patterns

#### Export barrel
Each `index.ts` defines a 'barrel' module<sup>[1](#barrel)</sup> which instantiates and re-exports its directory's classes as singleton instances for external use.
This aids maintaining singletons with dependency injection and crucially makes imports much cleaner:
```
import { serviceA, serviceB } from '../services'
```
rather than:
```
import serviceA from '../services/serviceA'
import serviceB from '../services/serviceB'
```

#### Dependency injection (DI)
To aid decoupling and ease testing, class dependencies are injected via each constructor.
This is done on object instantiation in each export barrel, avoiding the need for a dedicated "IoC container"<sup>[2](#ioc)</sup> to handle DI.

#### Dependency Inversion Principle
The 'Dependency *Inversion* Principle'<sup>[3](#dip)</sup>, closely related to DI, is followed where appropriate.

For example, each controller service (a 'higher-level' module) depends on the betting client (a 'lower-level' module) which fetches data from a third-party betting API.
Since the controller service need not care about the implementation of the betting client or which betting API it's using, it depends on an interface rather than a concretion.
This interface, *BettingClient*, owned by the controller service, defines the methods which it needs any implementing client to support.
*BetfairClient*, a client for the Betfair API, implements the interface and is injected in each controller service via DI.

In sum this means that:
- the high-level module owns and depends only on an abstraction (interface) of the lower-level module
- a mock implementation of the interface can be easily built (and injected) to aid testing
- *BetfairClient* can be swapped for any alternative third-party client as long as it implements the interface

We say the dependency has been 'inverted', from the controller depending on the *BetfairClient* implementation to the controller depending on an interface between itself and the implementation:
```
SomeController -> BetfairClient (impl)
SomeController -> BettingClient (interface) <- BetfairClient (impl)
```

#### References
1. <a name="barrel"></a> https://basarat.gitbook.io/typescript/main-1/barrel
2. <a name="ioc"></a> https://khalilstemmler.com/articles/software-design-architecture/coding-without-di-container/
3. <a name="dip"></a> https://stackoverflow.com/questions/62539/what-is-the-dependency-inversion-principle-and-why-is-it-important

Commit message:

Update serverless config, add CORS protection for prod and update READMEs

server/README.md, after:

## Politicodds backend
JSON REST API serving betting data for politics events, queried from the Betfair Exchange

- `/events` list of (politics) events/categories
- `/events/{id}/markets` list of currently open markets for the given event (id)
- `/markets/{id}/odds` list of best available runner prices for the given market (id) in decimal format

### Project structure
```
src
│   server.ts                    # server entry point
│   app.ts                       # Express setup
│   config.ts                    # config vars
│   router.ts                    # route definitions
└───controllers                  # route controllers
│   │   markets.ts
│   │   runners.ts
│   │   odds.ts
|   |   ...
└───services                     # services behind each controller
│   │   index.ts                 # singleton export 'barrel'
│   │   MarketsService.ts
│   │   ...
└───external                     # external/third-party services
│   └───http
│       │   HttpClient.ts        # client for making http requests
│       │   ...
│   └───betting
│       │   BettingClient.ts     # interface for generic client to betting API
|       └───betfair
│       │      BetfairClient.ts  # implementation of BettingClient for Betfair
│       │      ...
```

### Coding patterns

#### Export barrel
Each `index.ts` defines a 'barrel' module<sup>[1](#barrel)</sup> which instantiates and re-exports its directory's classes as singleton instances for external use.
This aids maintaining singletons with dependency injection and makes imports cleaner:
```
import { serviceA, serviceB } from '../services'
```
rather than:
```
import serviceA from '../services/serviceA'
import serviceB from '../services/serviceB'
```

#### Dependency injection (DI)
To aid decoupling and ease testing, class dependencies are injected via each constructor.
This is done on object instantiation in each export barrel, avoiding the need for a dedicated "IoC container"<sup>[2](#ioc)</sup> to handle DI.

#### Dependency Inversion Principle
The 'Dependency *Inversion* Principle'<sup>[3](#dip)</sup>, closely related to DI, is followed where appropriate.

For example, each controller service (a 'higher-level' module) depends on the betting client (a 'lower-level' module) which fetches data from a third-party betting API.
Since the controller service need not care about the implementation of the betting client or which betting API it's using, it depends on an interface rather than a concretion.
This interface, *BettingClient*, owned by the controller service, defines the methods which it needs any implementing client to support.
*BetfairClient*, a client for the Betfair API, implements the interface and is injected in each controller service via DI.

In sum this means that:
- the high-level module owns and depends only on an abstraction (interface) of the lower-level module
- a mock implementation of the interface can be easily built (and injected) to aid testing
- *BetfairClient* can be swapped for any alternative third-party client as long as it implements the interface

We say the dependency has been 'inverted', from the controller depending on the *BetfairClient* implementation to the controller depending on an interface between itself and the implementation:
```
SomeController -> BetfairClient (impl)
SomeController -> BettingClient (interface) <- BetfairClient (impl)
```

#### References
1. <a name="barrel"></a> https://basarat.gitbook.io/typescript/main-1/barrel
2. <a name="ioc"></a> https://khalilstemmler.com/articles/software-design-architecture/coding-without-di-container/
3. <a name="dip"></a> https://stackoverflow.com/questions/62539/what-is-the-dependency-inversion-principle-and-why-is-it-important
